the v8 supercars have headed to the top
end and Darwin's hidden valley raceway
let's now go and check out all the
details you need to know ahead of this
weekend's racing action to the coat I
leaderboard mark winterbottom maintains
his solid championship points lead from
craig lowndes the big mover Chaz Mostert
up to eight and he was 15th before the
Perth round let's have a look at the key
facts for hidden valley and nobody is
hotter than the championship leader mark
winterbottom who has nine podiums in his
last 12 starts up in Darwin they call it
the Triple Crown and Darwin but in fact
nobody has won all three races across a
weekend this race will be both about
hard and soft tires so getting the cars
balance right will be a key check out
who is knocking up the big 40 it's the
kid craig lowndes in fact he's the third
oldest driver in the v8 supercars
championship behind russell ingall is 50
and jason bright at 41 the kings of
qualifying at jamie whincup and scott
mclaughlin seven drivers have claimed
pole position this year but mclaughlin
and Whincup have for each heading to
darwin we caught up with scott
mclaughlin yeah that's which twisty
stuff around the back is it's tough but
I'm you know tough on ty so you got to
really look after it but I think we've
got a very small allocation of ties this
year so we've got to be quite careful of
how we use them but um I think it will
be right and this test our definitely
help us building on to that also when
you head up there it's the first of a
couple of big races in the north of
Australia as well very different to what
you experience at a place like we did in
the middle of winter yeah it's tough and
I mean yeah it's gonna be like 30
degrees up there at the moment so it's
um it's tough but at the end of the day
anything you can get out of you know
knowing with other cars do and what the
tracks doing I mean winds and during the
middle of the day is actually pretty hot
so we've just got to try and make sure
that we use the hot track temps at the
right times and enviada you know church
in a car up qualifying pace has been the
big highlight I guess you want to start
getting the old w numbers up there as
well and for the races yeah it's good to
get one winner per fare the last week
but I mere definitely at our qualifying
place has been also I never thought I'd
get a pole but without for this year so
it's fantastic but you
going to the race pace and I think we're
all on the right track but um we just
don't oh yeah but it's got it you just
got to tread carefully and not try and
outrun our qualifying car make sure
we're still at a qualifying car but make
the race go even better to the track
schedule and there's three 20-minute
practice sessions on friday with the
first one getting underway at 11am over
to saturday and the Quickfire qualifying
sessions of 10 minutes each then races
17 and 18 35 laps in length then to
Sunday and qualifying is at twelve-forty
the race 69 laps is at 315 all these
times are local time the telecast
details has Sydney and Brisbane on
channel seven on Saturday between one
and six seven mate in melbourne and
adelaide and also over in perth which
gets underway at 11am same channels on
sunday with the telecast starting at one
thirty in Sydney Melbourne and Brisbane
one o'clock in Adelaide and eleven
thirty in Perth a high-definition
replays on speed the first two races are
at eight thirty on Saturday evening
sunday night at 11pm after the world
superbikes so just who is the favourite
let's go and check out the odds the
market odds do make interesting reading
with Jamie Whincup still the bookies bet
at four dollars but have a look if you
want a really good bet this weekend
David Reynolds who has pole positions in
Darwin and was in line to win a race
last year he's at 51 dollars in terms of
the championship this makes more
sensible reading to dollar 64 mark
winterbottom from craig lowndes and
really once you get past chaz mostert
the money really does blow out a big
weekend on track for the v8's if it's
all the news you need to know whether
it's around australia all around the
world including the tech talk motorsport
app and also the race guide details it's
all here at speed cafe calm
you